Add Deletion API Docs (#73)
LearningLocker/docs: src/http-statement-deletion.md

By default, Learning Locker gives you the ability to delete statements via the API (this can be disabled via the `ENABLE_STATEMENT_DELETION` flag). 

Statements may be deleted individually, using the record's `_id`, or via a batch delete method.

## Authorization

When using this interface, you must additionally supply your Basic Auth details with each request in the `Authorization` header. Your Basic Auth details can be found under **Settings** > **Clients**. 

The deletion APIs require that the "Delete statements" (`'statements/delete'`) scope is enabled on the client. If a client also has a store (`lrs_id`) attached, this will be used to further filter down deletions only to this store.

## Single Statement Deletion

This leverages the existing REST API for statements.

```
DELETE http://www.example.org/api/v2/statement/111aaa1111a111111aa11112
Authorization: Basic YOUR_BASIC_AUTH
```

A request like the one above, will respond with a 204 response like the one below.

```
HTTP/1.1 204 NO CONTENT
```

The statement is deleted immediately and the 204 represents a receipt of the deletion event succeeding in the database.

## Batch Statement Deletion

> These endpoints allows you to send in a deletion job to be processed. As the filter may apply to a large amount of data, the batch delete job is split out into deleting up to 1000 records at a time, with each successive deletion triggering another deletion, until no more data matches that filter.

Author: ```suggestion
These endpoints allow you to send in a deletion job to be processed, as well as stop a batch deletion job. As the filter passed in may apply to a large amount of data, the batch delete job is split out into deleting up to 1000 records at a time, with each successive deletion triggering another deletion, until no more data matches that filter.
```

### Initialising a batch deletion

> Sending a POST with a JSON body holding the required deletion filter to the following endpoint will remove all data matching that filter from the respective organisation (or store) that the client is attached to.

Author: ```suggestion
Sending a POST with a JSON body holding the required deletion filter to the following endpoint will create a job to remove all data matching that filter from the respective organisation (or store) that the client is attached to.
```

_e.g. Deletes all completions in an organiation/store_

```
POST http://www.example.org/api/v2/batchdelete/initialise
Authorization: Basic YOUR_BASIC_AUTH
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8

{
  "filter": {
    "statement.verb.id": "http://adlnet.gov/expapi/verbs/completed"
  }
}
```

If the client used to make the request also has a store (`lrs_id`) attached, this will be used to further filter down deletions only to this store.

An intialise request will return a 200 HTTP response with a JSON version of the batch deletion job (see [Schema](#schema))

### Terminating batch deletions

> You may choose to terminate a one or all batch deletions for an organisation using the following commands.

Author: ```suggestion
You may choose to terminate one or all batch deletions for an organisation using the following commands.
```

> Note that if a deletion has issued a worker job to delete a batch, it may delete up to 1000 records before the termination command is respected. 

Author: ```suggestion
Note that if a deletion is currently in progress and a worker job to delete a batch has been issued, up to 1000 records may be deleted before the termination command is respected. 
```

organisation | The id of the [organisation](../http-organisations#schema) that this job belongs to.
filter | A stringified JSON Mongo query - records mathcing this fitler are deleted
pageSize | Total records deleted per batch (defaults to 1000, no way to customise outside of code change and rebuild)
deleteCount | How many records have been deleted so far
total | Total number of statements found for deletion at initialise
processing | Boolean value; is there a deletion batch currently being actioned
done | Boolean value; has the job finished or been terminated
createdAt | When this document was created
updatedAt | When this document was last updated

_The `filter` field is stored as text to account for `.` (dot) characters used in query keys - these are invalid in Mongo JSON structures. 

#### Example

```json
{
  "_id": "111aaa1111a111111aa11111",
  "organisation": "111aaa1111a111111aa11111",
  "filter": "{\"statement.verb.id\": \"http://adlnet.gov/expapi/verbs/completed\"}",
  "pageSize": 1000,
  "deleteCount": 100000,
  "total": 100000,
  "processing": false,
  "done": true,
  "createdAt": "2019-01-01T00:00:00Z",
  "updatedAt": "2019-01-01T00:00:00Z"
}
```

> The Batch Delete model may be retrieved using the GET [REST](../http-rest) or [Connection APIs](../http-connection) but the other HTTP methods are disabled and instead replaced by specific routes to initialise and terminating the batch deletion jobs.

Author: ```suggestion
The Batch Delete model may be retrieved using the GET [REST](../http-rest) or [Connection APIs](../http-connection) but other HTTP methods are disabled and instead replaced by specific routes to initialise and terminate the batch deletion jobs.
```

#### Examples: (using Connection API)

> _Note; query parameters should be URL encoded - these examples have had this removed for readability_

Author: ```suggestion
_Note: query parameters should be URL encoded - these examples have not been, for readability_
```

##### Fetch a particular job by `_id`

```
GET http://www.example.org/api/connection/batchdelete?filter={"_id":{"$oid":"111aaa1111a111111aa11112"}}
Authorization: Basic YOUR_BASIC_AUTH
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
```

> ##### Fetch the 5 most recently completed/terminated job

Author: ```suggestion
##### Fetch the 5 most recently completed/terminated jobs
```

```
GET http://www.example.org/api/connection/batchdelete?filter={"done":true}&sort={"updatedAt":-1, "_id": 1}&first=5
Authorization: Basic YOUR_BASIC_AUTH
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
```

##### Fetch the 5 most recently created and unfinished jobs 
```
GET http://www.example.org/api/connection/batchdelete?filter={"done":false}&sort={"createdAt":-1, "_id": 1}&first=5
Authorization: Basic YOUR_BASIC_AUTH
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
```

### Deletion time window
Because deletion can be a intensive job for the database, it is possible to configure Learning Locker to only trigger and process batch deletion during a specified window everyday. This can be configured to enable deletions during periods of known low activity (e.g. night time).

To configure this, update the document in the `siteSettings` collection with the required UTC hour, minute and duration:

```mongo
db.siteSettings.updateOne(
  {
    "_id" : ObjectId("111111111111111111111111")
  },
  {
    $set: {
      batchDeleteWindowStartUTCHour: 00,
      batchDeleteWindowUTCMinutes: 00,
      batchDeleteWindowDurationSeconds: 18000
    }
  }
)
```

> The configuration above would allow deletions to be triggered from midnight to 5am (UTC) everyday. Note that the Scheduler process is required to be run in order outstanding jobs at the start of the window everyday.

Author: ```suggestion
The configuration above, for example, would allow deletions to be triggered from midnight to 5am (UTC) everyday. Note that the Scheduler process is required to be run in order for outstanding jobs to be processed at the start of the window every day.
```
